Chore/#287 building block view policy store (#815)
catenax-ng/tx-item-relationship-service: docs/src/docs/arc42/building-block-view/whitebox-overall.adoc

|IRS
|The IRS consumes relationship information across the CX-Network and builds the graph view. Within this Documentation, the focus lies on the IRS

> |PolicyStore

Author: Both naming are sufficiant as there is no official name for it.

| 17
| In case of the use-case Environmental and Social Standards, *IRS* sends notifications to the *IRS-ESS* instance running at the data provider using the *EDC*.

| 18

> | *IRS* uses the PolicyStore to load the usage policies stored for BPNLs in order to check the usage policies during the consumption of the data assets.

Author: Both namings are sufficient, as everyone knows what is mentioned here.  .

> | *IRS* uses the PolicyStore to load the usage policies stored for BPNLs in order to check the usage policies during the consumption of the data assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *IRS* uses the Policy Store to load the usage policies stored for BPNLs in order to check the usage policies during the consumption of the data assets.
```
